This folder contains the sample data for the [Flow Cytometry data analyzer](https://armetcal.shinyapps.io/flow_cytometry_statistical_analysis/).

### **Sample Data** <a name="sample"></a>
1. **Single data file, isotypes, metadata in sample IDs:** This file, named *single_iso_metaoptionb_data.csv*, uses Metadata Option B to group the data into High and Low. This can be achieved by typing 'High,Low' or 'Low,High' (without quotations) in the corresponding text box. Isotypes are identified by the suffix ' iso', which is the default.
2. **Single data file, isotypes, metadata in separate file:** This file is identical to the previous, but cannot be grouped by sample ID. Metadata is uploaded via Option A. Several other metadata columns are available for faceting and clustering. The data file is named *single_iso_data.csv* and the metadata is named *single_iso_metadata.csv*.
3. **Two data files, no isotypes, metadata in separate file:** No isotypes are included. Both data files are uploaded together in step 1. The data files are named *double_no_iso_data_#.csv*, where # is 1 or 2; the metadata file is named *double_no_iso_metadata.csv*. Two problems with this dataset are purposely included:
    * R7 is used to name two distinct cell populations, which will cause an error if R7 is used to calculate % Target (output population). 
    * Sample names are duplicated between the two files. This will cause duplicate values to appear in the dataset (as seen in the [Stats Table](#stats) output), unless the file number is indicated by a *Batch* column in the metadata file (as done here). As the data files are numbered 1 and 2, 1 will always be uploaded before 2; therefore, the first file is labeled 'File 1' and the second is labeled 'File 2'. The file numbers MUST be correct for proper sample identification!
